Add README.md's (#14)
sonjaleo/KinFragLib: README.md

1. Fragment library data and a link to the combinatorial library data.
2. *Quick start* notebook explaining how to load and use the fragment library.  
3. Notebooks 

    3.1. Notebooks covering the full analyses regarding the fragment and combinatorial libraries as described in 
          the corresponding paper.  

>     3.2. Notebooks providing a custom filtering framework to reduce the fragment library size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3.2. WIP: Notebooks providing a custom filtering framework to reduce the fragment library size.
```

an in-depth analysis of the chemical space of known kinase inhibitors, and can be used to enumerate recombined 
fragments in order to generate novel potential inhibitors.

> Custom KinFragLib provides a pipeline to custom filter KinFragLib utilizing unwanted substructures (PAINS and Brenk et al.), drug-likeness (Rule of Three and QED), synthesizability (buyable building blocks and SYBA) and pairwise retrosynthesizability. Each filter can be (de-)activated and the parameters can be modified by the user to create a custom filtered library. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WIP: Custom KinFragLib provides a pipeline to filter the fragments in KinFragLib checking for unwanted substructures (PAINS and Brenk et al.), lead-/drug-likeness (Rule of Three and QED), synthesizability (similarity to buyable building blocks and SYBA) and pairwise retrosynthesizability. Each filter can be (de-)activated and the parameters can be modified by the user to create a customized filtered fragment library. 
```
